DEVELOPMENT LOG:

I first started a new project using the command npx create-react-app. 
I deleted everything from within the src directory and created index.js 
and index.css from the provided resources.

I created the constructor for Square to instantiate its state, and changed 
the render function to respond to clicking on the Square component. I also 
made the Board component pass an integer i to the Square component on render.

I added the constructor for the Board component to instantiate its state with 
an empty array that keeps track of the Squares. I changed the renderSquare 
function to pass a function as a property from within the Board component 
to the Square. It is called handleClick, which updates the state of the Board 
accordingly when a Square is clicked. Then, I changed the Square component 
from a class to a function.

I implemented the turn-based system as a boolean in the Board's state. It 
updates in the handleClick function, and determines whether the value of 
the Square is set as an 'X' or an 'O'.

I copied and pasted the given function that calculates if there is a winner. 
This function was used in the render function of the Board component to 
update the text shown about next turn and winner.

I restructured the components such that the Game component now passed 
handleClick and the squares as properties to the Board component, whose 
primary job is now to graphically render the board itself. I added a 
constructor to Game that instantiated its state: a boolean to keep track 
of whose turn it is and an array that keeps track of all the turn histories.

Finally, in the render function of the Game component, I created a dynamic 
list of button elements that, when clicked, would set the Game's state to a 
previous move using the available turn history. The Game component now had a 
stepCounter in its state that essentially acted as an index to a certain 
turn in the history. The Game component would use this stepCounter to render
the specific turn, and such. With that, the game was complete.
